the iliad movie written edited and
produced by karma Hewish with some help
of his brother we come from Troy to beg
for peace king of Sparta please please
please please please
why certainly come right this way while
their Paris of Troy fell in love with
mentalist his wife Helen of Sparta man
Elsa didn't like that no we're lost
without you I have a plan
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
that's night wake up wake up yeah come
with me run away - Troy over that way
seriously come now okay
doo doo doo doo that's morning what is
this a fake head butt okay Dada to the
ships run away with me lion love come on
we must haste we must make haste
oh no Apollo is raining down on the
Greeks with plague cuz Agamemnon
wouldn't give back crises give back
crises no like only if I can raise it
I'll kill you no I won't
meanwhile in Troy the Greeks were losing
losing no yay go Trojans part reckless
big dark chillies to fight please please
please fight no but I will lend you my
men thank you thank you thank you part
reckless tried to defeat Hector oh no
our spirits after a half mid-air
hollywood-style battle
oh no my face yeah go me I'm Hector when
our kid leave got the news that Pericles
is dead he decided to avenge him by
fighting Hector Hector you will fall
under my spear
no I'll kill you you will fall under
mind huzzah eat this evildoer for
vajrakilaya three and